Add breaking changes documentation to api-gateway repo (#369)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/jwt-ory-to-istio.md

Istio doesn't support configuring a JWT token from `cookie`, and Ory Oathkeeper does. Istio supports only `fromHeaders` and `fromParams` configurations.

Using Istio as JWT access strategy requires the workload behind the service to be in the service mesh, for example, to have the Istio proxy. To learn how to add workloads to the Istio service mesh read the [Istio documentation](https://istio.io/latest/docs/ops/common-problems/injection/).

## Change of status `401` to `403` when calling an endpoint without `Authorization` header

> With the introduction of Istio JWT the calls without a token will now fail on `AuthorizationPolicy` that forces `requestPrincipals` to not be empty. This results in a behaviour of requests without an `Authorization` header to fail on `AuthorizationPolicy` validation step, instead of `RequestAuthentication` that allows tokens without the header. In conclusion this behaviour will make the request fail with code `403` instead of `401`, which was the case for Oathkeeper JWT.

Reviewer: i think this sentence should be more user friendly. Start with explanation on behaviour change avoiding technical details. Users might not be aware of what is created underneath APIRule. Something like: In case of ORY Oathkeeper a call without JWT to the secured workload resulted in `401`. Istio based JWT changes that behaviours and the call without the token results in `403`. + link to Istio docu.

cc: @nataliasitko

> With the introduction of Istio JWT the calls without a token will now fail on `AuthorizationPolicy` that forces `requestPrincipals` to not be empty. This results in a behaviour of requests without an `Authorization` header to fail on `AuthorizationPolicy` validation step, instead of `RequestAuthentication` that allows tokens without the header. In conclusion this behaviour will make the request fail with code `403` instead of `401`, which was the case for Oathkeeper JWT.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, when using ORY Oathkeeper, if you called a secured workload without a JWT token, it resulted in the `401` error. This behavior has changed with the implementation of Istio-based JWT. Now, calls made without a token result in the `403` error. To learn more, read the Istio documentation on [RequestAuthentication](https://istio.io/latest/docs/concepts/security/#request-authentication) and [AuthorizationPolicy](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/security/authorization-policy).
```
Would that be okay?

References:
- https://istio.io/latest/docs/concepts/security/#request-authentication
- https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/security/authorization-policy

## Blocking of in cluster connectivity to an endpoint

> With the introduction of Istio JWT the validation of requests now happens in context of the target Pod (i.e. istio-sidecar). This behaviour results in in-cluster requests that where allowed in context of `ory-oathkeeper` (as request validation happened in context of `ory-oathkeeper` Pod) to fail if not explicitly allowed.

Author: "such as `istio-sidecar`" - It's always Istio sidecar, I meant that it's the container that validates the request

> With the introduction of Istio JWT the validation of requests now happens in context of the target Pod (i.e. istio-sidecar). This behaviour results in in-cluster requests that where allowed in context of `ory-oathkeeper` (as request validation happened in context of `ory-oathkeeper` Pod) to fail if not explicitly allowed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Istio JWT uses the `istio-sidecar` container to validate requests in the context of the target Pod. Previously, in-cluster requests were allowed in the `ory-oathkeeper` context because request validation happened within the `ory-oathkeeper` Pod. Now, these requests fail unless they are explicitly permitted.
```

> With the introduction of Istio JWT the validation of requests now happens in context of the target Pod (i.e. istio-sidecar). This behaviour results in in-cluster requests that where allowed in context of `ory-oathkeeper` (as request validation happened in context of `ory-oathkeeper` Pod) to fail if not explicitly allowed.

Author: Yes
